Moneytopia is a game that teaches students the basics of economics, governance, and decision-making. 
The game is a single-player interactive simulation to show how different decisions influence the 
resource-dependent country's economic growth and people's well-being. Presumably, the overarching 
task is to guide the country to prosperity by making strategic decisions across economic, social, and 
technological policies while avoiding pitfalls like hyperinflation or economic crisis. The country’s 
budget is randomly generated from 50 to 100 million, GDP is randomly generated between 100 to 300 million, 
happinessIndex and sustainability are generated with possible values between 1 and 10. These statistics 
will shift based on the player's decisions. 

At the start, the player chooses between being a "single ruler" or a "democratic leader," each 
affecting future options and consequences. As the game progresses, the user faces a variety of 
real-world economic scenarios, each requiring critical decisions. For example, unemployment rises 
and the user needs to decide whether to subsidize people or support entrepreneurs. Each choice leads 
to a new scenario, like deciding whether to invest in social programs or technology to stimulate growth. 
Scenarios are chosen randomly from a branch of possible events, creating a unique path. 

Each decision leads to change in key statistics described above. For example, when presented with a 
choice between investing in education or technology, technology investment will result in a decrease in 
budget, an increase in GDP, happinessIndex, and sustainability. After each decision is made, the program 
checks if the country is in crisis, meaning it has no money left in the budget to implement other policies. 
Otherwise, the game is set to 15 rounds. 

At the end of 15 rounds, meaning that no crisis happened and the country had money in their budget for the 
whole duration of the game, the program will estimate the state of the economy of the country. Currently, 
the program simply shows the final state of the country - crisis or no crisis. 
The interface includes Std.Draw objects to allow the user to interact with buttons while making decisions 
and see instructions and results in real-time. At the end of the game, the player gets the result with 
either success or failure based on cumulative points. 
